binsplitvn.c  new in Vmatch
chain2dim.c   new in Vmatch
checkonoff.c  new in Vmatch
dictmaxsize.c new in Vmatch
distri.c      new in Vmatch
genfile.c     Gordon
mapfile.c     Open Source
multiseq.c    Open Source
procopt.c     Open Source
redblack.c    GPL
safescpy.c    Open Source
seterror.c    Open Source
space.c       Open Source
clock.c       Open Source
debug.c       Open Source

accvirt.c     Critical
alphabet.c    Critical
getbasename.c Critical
getEqs.c      Critical
getEqs.gen    Critical
readgzip.c    Critical
readmulti.c   Critical
readvirt.c    Critical
multiseq-adv.c Critical
comparetabs.c  Critical
parsemultiform.c Critical
